Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us again today. We're
going to go over some of the news that's
going on in the world right now. I
told Braden, I said, "Every single day
there's something new of all the
signs of the times."You know, I just
think it's amazing where we are.
And I want to say this,
how important it is that you're led by
the spirit of God in your own personal
life. Every single day hearing him, every
single day having fellowship with him,
that you are abiding in him and his
words are remaining in you.
Make sure you're getting in that Bible.
Make sure you're getting in the word of
God more than you are even on a YouTube
channel or following somebody else. I
hear so many different people. Well, you
know, I'll just say what the
Lord said today as I was praying. I was
out and I was working, and he said
there's so many people that used to
visit him every single day, big
ministers that have huge platforms
that haven't had a fresh word from God
in a long time. And he said upon their
door, upon the arch of
their door is the word
Ichabod.
Many of them have had an Ichabod in their
ministry.
And there's a lot of people that are
being led by people who haven't had a
fresh word from God in a long time.
They're living off a stale manna. They're living
off a stale
word. And this is concerning the
prophetic and a lot of—and I always say
a lot of the elders—this is happening a
lot with a lot of the people that are
not being in the river. They're
getting a stale word and the Lord said
they are upset
about the words that you're getting and
the words that I'm warning about to pray
about. And I want to say this right off:
there's so many new faces. I had
over—I
don't know how many thousand people in
the month of May join us. I think it
was like four or five thousand new
faces. And so I want to say this right
off the bat. I don't label myself a
prophet. I'm not a self-proclaimed
prophet. There's a lot of people that
want to label me and say, "Brandon,
you're a prophet. You're this. You're
that."I
have not had anybody ordain
me as a prophet and say, "You're a
prophet of God. You're this or
that."You
know, I just stay in my lane.
This is what the Lord did say. He said,
"I want you to go on YouTube and I want
you to pray and I want you to bring
forth a prayer army of a million people.
And in doing so, I will show you things
as a watchman on the wall of that which
is to come. And you will pray and you
will change things. And I want you to
call your church, this online church,
Prayer Changes Things. That's my
foundation."The
Prayer Changes Things
foundation—it's
not a foundation, it's the
foundation of prayer. And that's why we
brought it forth to say call it a prayer
foundation. You must have a prayer
foundation in your life in these last
days. A foundation of prayer.
And raising up a million men and women
to pray every single day. We try. I have
other things I'm doing and we really
do try to bank it every day. I do get
breaks and I have to feed
myself spiritually. You dump out and
dump out and dump out. Two hours a
night, two and a half hours is a lot.
But
we're growing and a lot of people don't
know who I am. And so I just keep trying
to make that clear to everybody that I
feel that my job as a watchman is to
bring forth things. The Lord shows me to
pray for it, and I feel our main
mission is America a lot. People are
upset: "Brandon, please pray for
Africa. Please pray for
Australia."When
the Lord puts it on my heart to pray for
it, my primary focus right now is to get
President Trump across the finish line.
I know we have a population of only 340
million people and there's billions more
people out there, but God will raise up
more prayer people in those nations. I
truly believe there's other prayer
people that God is raising up that just
haven't been obedient to what he's asked
them
to do. He didn't leave your nation
without prayer warriors.
God said, "Brandon, I want you to pray
for President Trump."And I have a lot
of words concerning President Trump to
pray for him, concerning his health,
concerning his mental well-being,
concerning demonic attacks against him.
So, if it comes across as I have a lot
of words, that's because that's my
assignment. What's your assignment? You
stick to your assignment. If you don't
want to pray for America, I pray for
America. I pray for Canada. I pray for
Mexico. I pray for Brazil. I pray for
South America. I feel I'm
called—you've
noticed I've prayed for
everybody. But my main focus is to make
sure President Trump makes his
mission. And right now, I told you that
25th Amendment was what they were after.
They want to overthrow him with a coup.
And the Lord said, "Pray for him to make
it across the finish line concerning his
term. For they will try to throw him out
before it's over. If they don't take him
out with a pow-pow or some kind of event,
they will try to do the 25th Amendment:
He's not fit for office."And today,
every single thing I see—look how he's
fallen asleep at the New York
Knicks game. Well, maybe the Knicks game was
boring,
you know? I don't know. Oh, he's falling
asleep and everybody's upset saying he
needs—this
guy, he made fun of
Sleepy Joe and now he's not fit for
office anymore
because
he's falling asleep and they're just
ridiculing him all over the place today
and he needs to be investigated. This is
what I told you was coming. What the
spirit of the Lord said, he said the
25th Amendment, they're going to try to
use it in the days ahead. They're really
going to try to work on this. And this
is why it's so vital
for the elections concerning November.
If we do not maintain the House and the
Senate, he's in trouble. The Lord said
it. And so I saw us losing the Senate.
I saw us keeping the House. I saw us
losing the Senate by three seats. I
still keep praying over these three
seats that they will flip Democrat
and I'm praying over that we'll
have a fair election.
But if we do not get out and vote and
vote with a God
mentality, a God-inspired
Bible-based
mentality of our
candidates—not
voting for, "Well, they have social
programs and they have this and
that."No.
How do they stand on abortion?
How do they stand on homosexuality?
How do they stand on things that are
unbiblical?
That's what you need to be looking at.
How are they? I would say a lot
with abortion and things like that. How
do they vote? What do
they speak? What
do they say? That's what I mean. And so
people say, "You get too
political."Yes,
it's a political year. This is a
very important year. 2027, you won't
hear me talk about politics as much, but
I know in my heart how serious this
election is
concerning 2026
and 2028. When I was out and I was
listening to the Holy Spirit today,
I was just praying. "For those
that are led by the spirit of God are
the sons of
God."And
if you are a child of the most high God,
you are led by the spirit of God. He
will lead you and he will guide you
here. Romans 8. You need to know
this.
"For as many as are led by the spirit of
God, they are the sons of
God."So
if you're led by his spirit, he's
going to talk to you every day. If
you're not hearing the Holy Spirit
on your life circumstances, on
everyday issues, you're not being led by
him.
So, if you are led by the spirit of God,
how can you be led by somebody you only
hear once a month?
You're not being led by the spirit of
God if you only hear him once every
year.
You're led by the spirit of God. For
those that are led by the spirit of God
are the sons and daughters of God. You
know you're his whenever he's talking to
you. So you need to be listening to him
on every area and every issue of your
life.
"Well, I don't know, Brandon. I never
hear."I
would check my thermostat.
Check your spiritual thermostat. Where
are you with the Lord? How much are you
spending time with Him? You know, if I
only spent time every couple of days or
every other day with
Diana, my wife, and
we didn't have any
intimacy—we didn't
talk, we didn't have
anything,
just, 'Hey, how are you
doing? Bye, see you later'—you're not
going to have a good relationship.
But when you're in love with somebody
and you're in hot pursuit of her like
you were when you were dating,
don't let that fire burn out, gentlemen.
Pursue your wife like you did when you
were dating her. Pursue her. Don't
say,
'Well, I have her now, I don't have
to pursue her anymore.'I pursue my wife
all the time. I tried to dance with her
today. I said, 'Let's put on some music.
Let's dance in the
foyer.'And
she just goes, 'You
want to dance?'I said, 'Yeah, we have
to make time to dance. Let's just dance
together.'And
she looked at me. But
that's just me; I think about
things. How do you make it fresh?
What's dance?
Ballroom dance. I don't know how to
dance worth anything,
but
Paisley thinks it's fun. She likes to
see Daddy and Mommy dance.
But I try to create an atmosphere of love,
even if it's just not there.
How do you do that in a
relationship with the Lord? 'I
feel dry today. I don't know.'No, no, no.
I'm in hot pursuit of Him.
What are you reading? What are you
meditating on?
What's coming through your eye gates?
Are you watching filth? Are you watching
things that grieve Him?
Are you meditating on things
that grieve Him? Are you
scrolling
on social media all
day instead of spending time with Him?
Take time to sit at the feet of Jesus
every day. I'm talking in your spirit:
'I'm here. I want You. I need
You.'I
don't care what you're doing—if you're
pulling weeds, if you're cleaning your
car—spend
time with Him.
As many
as are led by the Spirit of God, they
are the sons and daughters of
God.
So you know when you're led by the
Spirit because He's going to talk to
you. He doesn't lead—you cannot be led
by somebody unless they lead you. Have you
ever seen a horse be led by a
bridle
by the bit in his mouth? It turns
him every which way. But the
rider is leading the horse, even by a
rope. And it doesn't
happen just every once in a while. The
horse is being led all the time
whenever it's in
submission to the person
who's in control of it, right? The Holy Spirit
is
the same way. I let Him lead me,
and I allow Him. I practice His
presence.
I pray, 'Lord, where do you want me to
be today?
What else
do I... Lord, how can I find something to
sell on eBay? What do you have for me
today? How can I flip
something?'You
know, eBay—if I could find something
bigger
instead of trying to find... You know, I
was trying to find old
autographs
by certain people,
looking for Jack Coe autographs, looking
for things that would be important
to me. You know, I have hobbies, and
you look and say, 'I want to find old Kathryn
Kuhlman
autographs or
an
Oral Roberts autograph,'things that are
fun, you know,
to
put on a plaque—just things
that are important to me, people that I
respect. I'd like to have Billy
Burke's signature, you know, put it on
the wall. You can just look at it when
you put it in the office where you
do your paperwork,
or
on your wall in your bathroom. I don't
know. So I just think of things
that are important, and that's
just talking to Him about all this
stuff: 'Lord, help me. I want to know You
more.'So,
those that are led by His
Spirit are His. So, if you're
not hearing Him every day for what's
coming, that's where I'm getting to.
The Lord said, 'In two years, everything's
going to look really, really different,
Brandon. And in the
natural, if you don't teach them how to
dip in the river,
this is going to be a time
of
sorrows.'Sorrows
are coming, sorrows
for the world.
And on the
threshold
of a door, there's much Ichabod in a lot
of ministers right now. They don't have
any
fresh wine, and they don't have
any new wineskins. Their
wineskins
are dry, and they criticize when
you see a fresh thing because they're so
dry and stagnant, and they
don't know what to do because they are
so used to it. And the Lord said,
'Brandon, back
when they first started, they were on
fire for Me, but in the course of time,
they've let the cares of what everybody
else thinks choke out My voice.
They don't hear Me every day.'And that's
scary.
That's a scary thing, you all.
'Well, I don't hear Him every
day.'No.
Spend time with Him like you would, like
I said, your wife or your husband. Spend
time with that person. Be in hot pursuit
of them:
'Oh, babe, how are you
doing?'or
texting or calling,
'Let's go out on a date. Hey, I'm coming
by tonight. Let's go out and have ice
cream or something.'You know,
you
always want to be
around that person when it's fresh
and you're dating them.
How much do you want to pursue your
Father? How much more do you pursue
Jesus and the Holy Spirit? 'I need You
every moment of every day. I don't want
to make a decision
without Your input on
it.'It
was concerning my daughter,
and I hadn't really inquired of Him
concerning the decision concerning
Megan.
And I was out, and He said, 'You didn't
inquire of
Me.'I
said, 'Yeah. Did You have an opinion
about it? You did, didn't you? I'm
really sorry.'He said, 'You make the
wrong choice on some things.'And He
said, 'I want you to do this and this
and this.'And He said,
'You must learn to inquire of Me
for
every single thing you do.
It's never a
burden.'But
He has an opinion about everything
you do in your
life—what
tires you put on your car: 'Well, those
aren't very good ones. They're not going
to last very long.'What brakes: 'Well, I
don't know about those.'Inquire of
Him, even if it seems obnoxious.
'Where should I eat today?''Don't eat at
that place.'I've
been in places where He'll go,
'Don't eat
here.'I
said, 'Well, Lord, what's going
on?'He
goes, 'It's not clean
anymore.
They're dirty in there. You don't want
them touching your food
today.'I
said, 'Really? I've been
here a lot.'He said, 'You didn't
inquire of
Me.'That's
great. That's really nasty, and I
really appreciate that,
but I will make sure I inquire of you
because that really grossed me out. I
was like, you know, and He'll say stuff
like that: 'Don't eat there today, son.
They're not clean.
It's
dirty in there and you don't know
it.
There's food poisoning in there. Don't
eat
that.'And
I'll be sitting there quiet, and
Diana goes, 'Why did you just drive
off?'I
said, 'Because He said, "Don't eat it."'And
there have
been times when I have
paid for food and was waiting through
the drive-thru in my car, and I'll
just drive off because He said, 'Get out
of here. What are you doing?'And I
said, 'Oh, well, somebody's
got a free meal.'But it was that
important. And He said, 'Don't eat
it,'but
I didn't inquire of Him. Inquire of
the Lord. And some people go, 'Well,
that gets real flaky.'No, no, no. I
practice His presence. That's how vital
it is.
'Where do you want me to be?
Who do you want me talking to? Who do
you want in my inner
circle?'He
has an opinion about everybody. He
has an opinion about everything. 'What
are you listening to? What are you
feeding
on?'He
will lead you and guide you into all
truth.
The
scripture says the
Holy Spirit will lead and guide you
into
all things. There
are
some of you elders
that have memorized so much scripture.
You know more scripture than
I could ever
comprehend. You know, but like you said,
the Lord said, 'They've forgotten more
scripture than you've ever
known.'But
you've let your
thermostat get cold. And I'm not
criticizing, but he said, 'Brandon, tell
them they must hear me every day.'So if
you see visions, he said,
'Your old men will dream dreams and your
young men will have
visions.'So
don't get ticked off when Joel chapter 2
is happening. Acts...
'And it shall come to pass in the last
days.'Did
you get it? 'And it shall come
to pass in the last days, I will pour
out my spirit upon all
flesh.'No,
I already had it up there. This one.
What?
This one.
'For howbeit, when the Spirit of
truth is come, he will guide you into
all truth.
He shall not speak of himself, but
whatsoever
he shall hear,
that shall he speak, and he will show
you things to come.'He didn't say he'd
show you just every once in a while.
He's going to show you all things. He's
going to show you, as long as you're dipping
in the river, he's going to show you
things to come. It's scripture.
He's going to show you that which is to
come. We see in part, hear in part. We
don't hear at all. We get arrogant.
But as we pursue him with hot pursuit,
he'll show you things to come. And
people don't hear him at all. And
there's a lot of ministers who don't hear
him at all either.
And he will show you things to come,
sir.
Right. So that's what you want.
So John,
what was the other one? Acts, I like
that one. Joel chapter 2 is one that he
said, in the last days, I'll pour out my
spirit on all flesh. But here in Acts,
'And it shall come to pass in the
last days, saith God, I will pour
out of my spirit upon all flesh, and
your sons and your daughters shall
prophesy, and your young men shall see
visions.'I
still fit in that young man category,
obviously.
And your old men shall dream dreams. He
didn't say how many you'd have. He said
dream dreams. It's plural. It's a lot.
Have visions, have a lot in the last
days. So guess what? I'm fulfilling the
part of Acts
2.
So get over it, right?
If you're choking on it, that's your
problem, not mine. Just know it's
scripture.
If you can't handle it, read your Bible
more, sir. So there you go. Acts
2.
It's the truth. Maybe they
need to get old and have some dreams.
So there you go. So let's go on.
Yeah, this is Joel. This is Joel chapter
2.
'Afterward, I will pour out my spirit on
all, on your sons and your daughters,
and they will prophesy.
Your old men will dream dreams. Your
young men will see visions.
Even on my servants, both men and women,
I will pour out my spirit in those days.
I will show wonders in heavens and
on the earth: blood and fire and billows
of smoke. The sun will be turned to
darkness and the moon to
blood before the coming of the great
and dreadful day of the Lord. And
everyone who calls on the name of the
Lord will be
saved.'Praise
the Lord.
So we're just doing
what the Holy Spirit told us we were
going to do.
So it's time for us to be who God said
we could be
and be it with all our hearts.
So if you aren't hearing and you're not
seeing, check your thermostat.
Check your thermostat because he's
talking all the time. Oral Roberts'book,
'The
Ultimate Voice'—one of my favorite
books—says
God is always talking to his
people.
God is always talking to his people. So
people say, 'Ah, hardy har.'They hear
more words than the people in the Bible
heard. Hardy har.
They don't. They
have more words than the
prophets in the Bible.
I didn't say I was a prophet,
but those that are led by the spirit of
God are the sons and daughters of
God. So I'm led by the spirit. How
does he lead you? With that still, small
voice on the inside of you and by his
word. So if you're hearing him
and your pool's not dry, you'll hear
him, too.
Maybe you've got to check your thermostat,
sir.
So there you go.
All right. So let's move on.
You have the articles in the news,
people. It's not a rant, I'm
trying to help you.
Okay. And then Ukraine. And then we
have the UK.
Okay. Do you have your microphone on?
Braden doesn't like having the microphone
on. He's pretty
private. But I told him, I said, 'The
people like to hear
you.'And
I told him, I said, 'You run
this as long as you want. I want
him to do it tonight, and I want you to
show them what you found. I'm going to let
them go with it. Go.
No rush.
Go.''Okay.
Yeah. So you have the...
the birds, and then I don't know
which one you want to go
over.''Let's
go over it all.''Okay. So there's
a bunch of birds.
What's going on with the birds,
son?''On
the coast of... vultures
falling from the sky off the coast of
Florida near... they
really...''Yeah.
So they're saying there's a
bunch of vultures on the coast of Florida.
Are they
dead?''Yeah.''Oh,
no. That's terrible.
They don't know what caused it. They
don't know what caused
the birds to die.
I always remember Pastor Paul Begley
talks about a prophecy in Hosea.
He says that the birds will start
to die and the fish and all this stuff
because of sin.
Remember Pastor Paul Begley? I
talked to Pastor Paul on the phone. He
was talking about stuff like that,
about, I think it was Hosea. He said
there's a prophecy in Hosea
talking about the earth and the
animals dying because of stuff.
Okay. So what's this one,
baby?''Okay.
And then Zelenskyy met
the
Prime Minister of
Sweden, I believe. No, not Sweden...
Zelenskyy—yeah,
he
visited Sweden today. So he's just
making his rounds.
Zelenskyy
is going around. He met the
King. He met the
Prime Minister of England. He met
Germany. He's going around,
talking to everybody. Sweden today...
who else? There's
somebody else.''Oh, the King of
England.''Yeah,
yesterday.
King
Charles.''And
today he's asking for
support from
Sweden.''Yes.''For
drones.
He wants help to bomb
Russia.''Yeah.
So they're signing
stuff.''So
they're all signing things, and
Sweden is giving them
weapons.''Yeah.
Ukraine and Latvia signed a drone
cooperation
agreement aimed at expanding
cooperation in unmanned systems.
So he wants to buy more drones from
Sweden today. So he's just been real
busy.
I told you I saw World War III above
Europe, and I said it's coming from the
bankers and this guy right here, and I
said they're going to try to accelerate
it. I saw they were doing satanic
practices
in Germany, in Berlin, to bring forth the
Mahdi,
to bring forth the Hitler
spirit over Europe
with the Pergamon Altar. Okay, go
ahead.''So
Russia attacks us mostly, 650
drones plus from 35 to 100 missiles per
day,
and we respond. Of course, we
don't have for today a competitive number,
but we use 300, 350.
Yes, we will have—when we will increase
funding—we
will have a competitive number
to respond to them. And of course, Russia
understands that we will have 600, 100, or
plus drones and missiles. They will
feel
this war like we feel, but they will
it at
home.''Yeah.
So he's saying they're going to
feel
it.
Yeah, he's saying they're going to
feel
it. Okay. And then...''All right. And then
he
struck an oil facility.''Who,
Zelenskyy?''Ukraine.
They struck an oil facility in
Russia.''Yeah.''I
don't know.
So more oil facilities being struck in
Russia by
Zelenskyy.
I don't know if they're saying
something.
Wow. Probably
cursing.''Yeah.''That
is...''Wow.''Yeah.
Major
fire.''Yes.
So that's what's going on in Russia,
right?''Yes.
And then he sent like a
whole thing of drones and stuff to
Russia.''Mhm.''Yeah.
And then I don't know what this
is, but Russia, they had like
an
evacuation or something.'I couldn't
figure this out, but they had all these
people go out of this building or
something
from drones and stuff. Yeah. And then
they had naval drills in
the Baltic Sea during a major NATO
exercise. That's what Russia did. Yeah.
Okay. And then there's protesting in the UK.
Wow. So they're still burning stuff.
Well, that's not France; it's spreading
to the United Kingdom now.
Yeah. But they're mad about
immigration.
So they're burning the buses.
Yes. Yeah. Because something really bad
happened, like an Islamist
guy. He went and was trying to
do
bad things, like trying to behead
somebody or something like that.
I said they're going to start to burn
the churches in Europe. I saw them
burning churches. They were burning.
They're going to burn them in America. I
saw them burning them in Canada, Toronto
specifically. I saw the Muslim people
rising up, rising up and burning
major Christian churches, Catholic
churches—places
of worship that
were really old were on fire and burnt
to the ground in the days ahead. And I
saw a poking of a giant coming.
So now they're burning mass transit.
At least they're not burning
churches.
Okay. What's going on here?
Yeah, the same thing.
So they're just upset.
Yeah.
They burnt his car.
I don't know why it does that.
Yeah, they would have trash can
fires.
I sure love my friend Billy
Burke; he just texted me.
Yeah. And then Iran
attacked the chopper or whatever. Yeah.
And then Trump, where is it?
Did they die?
I don't know.
My gosh. What is that, baby?
That's the US striking back.
This thing ain't over with. I know
he's saying it because it's an election
year, but he keeps saying, 'We have a
peace agreement. We're
not going to have any more bombs go off.
We're going to stop this.'And that is
not a peace agreement. There's no peace
there. They're bombing our
stuff. That is nuts.
Sister Billye and them are in Israel
right now. Billye Brim and the WWP, she
has a group over there, and Pastor
Candace and Chip and some other
folks. They're all over there, right?
Shelli
and them. And from what I
saw, they were in a bomb shelter last
night
for 45 minutes
seeking shelter because they were
bombing Israel last night
or was it the night before? Maybe.
They were
on the Sea of Galilee, I believe, last
night. And so they were taking communion
and doing things on the Sea of Galilee,
which looked amazing. I thought,
'What a moment,'because the sun was
setting and Sister Billye had her white
linen shirt on and she was speaking.
I just thought, and Pastor Candace
looked like she was giving a prophetic
word. It was anointed.
You talk about somebody who flows in the spirit
of God; Pastor Candace flows in the spirit
of God. Amazing. And I was like,
'Oh, what a... I
would love to be there.'I thought,
'Wasn't that so cool?'As they were
sitting on that boat and they're out
there, and it looked like they're
having dinner or something. I don't know
what was going on, but what a fun trip
to those that got to go. I hope you
took a lot of pictures. Maybe I'll see
them at church. But wow,
they were in a bomb shelter and they
were hiding there for 45 minutes. They
had to go down there or whatever because
they were sending rockets over. So they
actually experienced what the Israeli
people—the
Jewish people,
whatever—experience
over there, and you could hear
the explosions going off from the
interceptions from the dome. So
they said... but yeah, go ahead.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Oh, they're saying... but they're saying
that he was saved.
Who?
They're saying that a
guy that was in the helicopter was saved by
a drone.
Oh well, praise the Lord.
A boat or something.
Yeah, that's what they're saying. Well,
I'm glad he's okay. Thank you, Father,
for protecting our troops.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus.
Okay, keep going. I like this. Anything
else, then? Show those videos,
baby.
Yeah, I was. Yeah,
I don't see them.
What is that, hun? That's, I think, a
retaliatory
US air defense system.
It's the US air defense system and Iranian
ballistic missiles over... So they're
saying it's their defense, like it's
defense.
Mhm.
Yeah.
And then I think they're saying Iran has
a ballistic missile or something.
See, they didn't... that's not like the
one I saw. I saw a black rocket that had
a payload on it that was the size of
the explosion that went off at
Hiroshima. And the Lord said, 'This
is something that they know they
have. This is not ignorance anymore. I
keep praying about these chemical
weapons being used again on Israel
in
the days ahead. An attack worse than
October the 7th is coming at
night.'And
people say, 'Can you stop
it?'Every
single vision that I've had is that
it happens, but praying over
it is to pray for the protection
of these people.
But it's like we pray and we saw things...
how many days prior did we see about
October the 7th? Does anybody remember
all those times we prayed over it and I
said something major is about to happen
in Israel,
and it happened? And all those women and
children... we didn't stop it. It happened,
and regardless, I know we can stop
some things, but the Lord said, 'You will
not stop everything. Some things will
happen.'So
I'm not trying to be doom and gloom;
I'm just trying to have reality here.
Some things are not stopped.
And we prayed over that October the 7th
attack for months prior, and I said
something—a
big... something major is
about to happen in Israel. You can go
back and watch the videos,
and we talked about it. I said
something's going to happen. I could see
it,
and then it manifested.
Same thing again. I hear it.
Something worse than October 7th
is
coming. The Lord said, 'Pray.'That's why
He said Billye and them are over there
right now praying.
So we will pray for a complete
fizzling out of every plot, every
plan, every pursuit across the land of
Israel, Jerusalem—all of it. I saw a
major earthquake about to happen, and a
shaking to awaken. And I saw the Dome of
the Rock split
with a major earthquake. Okay, keep
going, honey. I'm sorry.
No, no, sorry.
And then this is them saying
this is the US Central Command
forces began launching self-defense
strikes against Iran at p.m.
Eastern Standard Time today at the
Commander-in-Chief's
direction in
response to yesterday's downing of a US
Army
helicopter—an
Apache helicopter.
That's interesting.
Yeah. Interesting.
What is that?
This is Russia. They saw all these
mosquitoes. Look.
Are those mosquitoes?
Yeah.
Bill Gates has been busy over there.
Braden, that looks like something out of
biblical times.
That's what they said,
a
biblical swarm.
So Bill Gates is releasing his
stuff on Russia.
I'm trying to be funny. I don't think it
was Bill Gates privately, but it could be...
Was it Google that said they were
going to do that?
Yeah, it was
Google that said they want to release
millions of mosquitoes. So they
released them in Russia. They didn't do
it in California.
They did
a
test run. Braden, can
you imagine walking through that?
They would eat you alive. You would feel
like you were a
pincushion.
It's like
you need some Off! Can you imagine spraying
it? The
Orkin
man like there. See all
those?
That's amazing.
I bet there's like how
many million mosquitoes?
That is crazy. That's really gross.
Yeah,
boy. The birds
would love that.
They're saying use a flamethrower.
Yeah,
burn them up. Who said that?
Yeah, just burn them up.
Next.
That's incredible.
Okay, I'm trying to figure... that is
just in Japan. What is that?
SBI
Bank is set to let customers convert a
portion of their deposits into XRP.
Yeah, they're saying XRP,
while a pilot launch starting June 10th...
they're saying XRP, Ethereum, so I think
Bitcoin,
the
the Sooners.
Yeah,
not financial advice. I never give
financial advice, but look at the
Sooners. All in my opinion. All in my
opinion. Look at the Sooners.
Japan, South Korea,
Japan—here
it
is.
Look at that. It is said to let customers
convert a portion of their deposit
into XRP.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
What is that?
They're saying
part of a major SBI group,
Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP as a passive reward
on everyday saving. They're going to do
that.
Wow.
The Sooners—people say, "What does the Sooners
mean?"In
Oklahoma, we had a
land run to take the land. And the
people who took the land before the land
run started at 12 noon on Saturday of
that day, whenever they had it, the
people stole the land ahead of time.
They were before. And the Lord said,
"This is like the Boomer Sooners.
Japan will be a boomer sooner like it is
with OU. It's Oklahoma
history."And
so they took the land. Japan and
South Korea, the Lord said, will be
sooners
and they will go before America.
The 10th. When's the 10th, baby?
Tomorrow.
Oh, tomorrow.
Well, good for them.
All in our opinion, huh? Interesting.
Next.
That one guy.
Who? Oh, yeah. Go ahead and play that.
See, this is what I told you. The 25th
Amendment. Okay.
Go ahead, play
it.
The president of the United States is
not well. We can see it with our own
eyes. He has tremendous difficulty
staying awake on the job. Donald Trump
has repeatedly fallen asleep at multiple
cabinet meetings, at multiple White
House events, at a Memorial Day
ceremony, and most recently at a very
loud and raucous New York
Knicks-San
Antonio Spurs game last night. The White
House needs to come clean to the
American people. They need to explain
why Donald Trump keeps going to the
hospital and why they keep giving him
cognitive tests. The American people
deserve the truth.
The president of the United
States is not well.
Oh,
this is what the Lord said they
would do, and I saw it ramping up big
time. Okay. So, when I was praying today
and the loudness of when the
Holy Spirit said—He said, "It's going to
be
so vital
that you are led by the Spirit of God in
these days ahead."He said over the
next two
years—I
heard some things in the spirit that
shook me. And when I was sitting there
and praying in the spirit
today, just listening, He showed me
about
this storm, I'll call it the
storm.
I call it the storm. So it would be
summer of 2028.
Summer of 2028, a storm. Praying about
the storm.
Concerning summer of 2028, a black upon
the land,
a darkness upon the buildings, a
darkness. I saw something dark.
And I've talked about the plague how
many times? And I saw forced
vaccinations,
forced—another
thing like COVID is what I want
to call it, but worse.
And I saw a planned event trying to take
place.
And so, what I saw was very,
very—it
shook me, being—do
you
remember last time that there were
certain cities that were better than
others in America? Like if you lived in
San Francisco, it was a bad day. If you
lived in Oklahoma, it wasn't so bad. So
if you lived in New York, it was bad. Or
if you live where Rodney Howard-Browne was,
they tried to throw you in jail for
having church, right? And so
you have to be led by the Spirit of God.
And that's why we were praying over
this last time we were together,
praying over being where God's
called you to be for your house to sell.
If you believe God has called you to
live in a certain area and you feel that
God has released you from a certain
area, that you'll have favor to find a
job and you'll have favor to sell your
home and to move where God's called you
to be. Being led by the Spirit, He
may say, "I want you to put your roots
down so deep here, you'll be here the
rest of your life until I
come."Or
He could be saying, "It's time for
you to pack up and be like the Beverly
Hillbillies and
go where that
is."You
know, you got the Beverly
Hillbillies—Granny's
on top of the wagon and
everybody's going to Beverly
Hills. You know, they left Missouri or
whatever it was. It's time for you to
pack up. It might be time for you to
relocate. You got Granny on top of
it. Did anybody ever watch these old
shows? I loved Wilbur
and—I
was thinking about Mr. Ed, you
know. Nick at Nite is what it was. They
always had those old I Love Lucys and
things like that, Carol Burnett Show
or whatever. The old shows that weren't
bad. They didn't seem—they slept in
separate beds on the show in
the same room, you know, husband and
wife because it was so pure
back then. You know, the
Honeymooners, I guess it was. There
are so many different kinds of shows.
That short you worked on—did you
have that done?
I'm sorry. Which one?
The one you were working on last
night with me giving the word about
the Build-a-Baby. Did you finish
that?
Yes,
I already have that short. Yeah,
play that. I was proud of you. You
did a good job.
Well, I saw you working on it. I'm
always spying on you.
But no, go ahead and look at this.
Braden did this last night.
You already saw this, though.
You're reacting to it.
Yeah.
Oh, is that me?
Recently?
Yeah.
Man, I still got to lose weight.
And you're talking about
the—I'm
trying and all that.
Yeah, I'm trying. We gave many
words about that.
Keep it down. Keep it down. But Billy
Burke, what he texted me just a second
ago, he said, "I want you to tell your
people He's going to do a meeting
in Tulsa."He said, "I feel very strong
about holding a meeting in
Tulsa."He
wants to hold it, I believe, at ORU at
the Mabee or the hotel. And
he's wanting to see if people wanted to
be a part of it. But I know
there's many of you that are desperate
for a move of God in your life. And if
you want a move of God in your life and
you're wanting a fresh touch of the Holy
Ghost, I would go to a Billy Burke
meeting. He's going to come to
you. He's coming to all kinds of
places.
His itinerary is places he's never been
before. And that's interesting to me
because of where the Lord is leading him
to do new places and new faces. And
so, exciting times, I believe, with Billy
Burke Ministries in the days ahead. And
he said, "Brendon, I really feel
strong about Tulsa. There's things about
Tulsa."I
want him to come here like
every month. Wouldn't that be cool to
have like a round-the-clock? I said,
"You—he
could stay with me. I would love
him to come and
to stay at my house, man. I love
Billy Burke, you know, he's just my
friend."But
I thought, wouldn't that be
wonderful if he came at least quarterly
to Tulsa, every quarter, have a healing
service in Tulsa? I told him, I said,
"Man, I would just love to
have that here, to start that."What's the
domino to push this over for the revival
that I've seen coming to the
Mabee
Center?
What's this new river? The Lord said to
us, "I'm uncapping the wells of revival.
I'm uncapping the wells of
revival."There's
been a cap. And I saw
Oral
Roberts and Jack Coe—I might mess up
their names—and William Branham and
all the others, they would get up to the
well and they would get a
little cup and they drank from it. Kathryn
Kuhlman
had a little cup and she drank from
it. But the Lord said, "Brandon, your
generation, this generation is going to
go to the deep of the well. You're going
to
go deep in this well and you're going
drink all you can drink. Saturate
yourself in this. You're going
to
be wet with this presence, you
know, when you're just underneath that
waterfall."And
Diana and I—she said, "Let's
look back,"because we feel like Billy
Burke is a unicorn, you know, as
far—I
hate to say
that, but it's like the last unicorn.
You have the last one. You don't see
very many people operating that way very
much anymore. You have just a few that
flow with that old well of
revival, like Kathryn
Kuhlman
and them. We were
looking at
A.A. Allen's old videos last
night; that's what we were watching
after I got finished here until I went
to bed. I watched A.A. Allen, and R.W.
Schambach
was an offspring of A.A. Allen
and started following him around
when
he was in his 20s. And when A.A.
Allen went home, R.W. Schambach kept
going. But he went home when he
was in his 40s, or whatever R.W.
Schambach
was. So then I looked at Rod Parsley
and some of these others. And
you had Smith Wigglesworth, then there was
Lester Sumrall and Mama
Jenkins. Mama Jenkins was off of
Lester, who was off of Smith
Wigglesworth. And then you had Kathryn
Kuhlman, who
is Billy Burke
and Benny Hinn, and there
were
people, and it showed her—it was Sister
Woodworth-Etter
who Smith
Wigglesworth listened to and went on. And
it had the lineage, and Brett Dino and I
were going over all these
people that were underneath these people
and learned from them. And the anointing,
it's cross-pollination. It's
cross-pollination.
You can see the
cross-pollination
through
ministries. You can see where they
flowed and the vein.
But the Lord showed us last night, you
see these veins from the past are dying
off now; there's not much more of it
left. You've got one, you know, that
is
really, really going. But He said,
'Brandon, it's because I'm going to
do something new.
It's not about cross-pollination so
much with some of these older ones like
Jack Coe and all these others.'He said,
'Brandon, I'm going to do something I've
never done before.
You're about to see the greatest harvest
of souls this world has ever seen
before—healings
and demonstrations, and there
will be nothing you can compare it to.
Well, is it like this or like that? Why
does it seem like it's dying off?
Because behold, I'm going to do
something new.
Can these bones live?
What is it? The valley.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain. It's something you've never ever
experienced.
Are you ready?
And that's why, it's the
first domino. What does it take? What is
it going to be? I have such an
anticipation for the manifested presence
of God in our lives.
Isn't that wonderful?
I get excited about it. So,
Braden,
did you have anything else you wanted to
play?
'No, I just had this.'Okay, be right
back.
Play
video. 'I know, but you can talk to
New Zealand.'Wait, sorry. New Zealand
had an earthquake. It was a 6.0.
Yeah, I just found this. I think it
just happened like an hour ago or
something. New Zealand had a
6.0
right here.
Incredible.
It was in the water, so I don't
know if
it shook New Zealand. Is
anybody watching from New Zealand? Did
y'all feel it?
Yeah,
I don't know if you could feel it in
Australia.
Ring of Fire.
I guess I'll have to see the
aftershocks
of it or the effects of it, but
I don't have it.
Yeah, it's always in the water.
Just feeds. I was trying to find my stuff,
like
I was trying to show these books.
I had 'The Ultimate Voice'—you all need
to read that book. Diana has it,
and she has been reading
stuff to me. We found that book by Kathryn
Kuhlman.
Billy gave it to
us—or
he didn't give it to us, he told us
about it—the book by Kathryn
Kuhlman that is
'Daughters of
Destiny'. Did I say it right?
I think Diana is going to have every
highlight of this book, but she covers
over it now. 'Daughters of Destiny'by
Kathryn Kuhlman,
right? It's her
autobiography,
right? It's probably in the car, son.
It's fine; I couldn't find it. This
book is amazing; it's going over... I love
to hear the struggle when you're going
through ministry, and you're
trying hard, and you
learn from your elders, and you see
things like Oral Roberts talking about
things and you grab the nuggets.
And Diana has been reading this book to
me every day, and I told her, 'Read
it again. Read it again. Read these
pages, because I want to learn.'And
there are
so many
of
these nuggets in these pages
that are just wow, you know. So, I was just
trying to show you Diana was
at it. Megan's crying. I think she
doesn't
have her sound machine on.
But, all right, who wants to pray?
Y'all ready to pray tonight? We'll pray
and see where the Holy Spirit leads us.
Oh, here it is. There you go. Hi, baby.
Hi.
This is it. This is the book.
I'm telling you, this is a wow. I love
it. It talks about healings and things that
happened. And there are old pictures,
really cool pictures of Sister
Kuhlman
in there, and it just talks about her,
the stuff that you don't see on these
old videos I find on YouTube. I depend
on YouTube so much for her. And
she's
always wearing a white outfit and that
bell-sleeve
dress she wears,
and she's real and goes across this
platform and everything. And
in this, she talks about how she loves
different colors. And I said I've never seen
her wear a lot of other colors, but I
asked Billy about it. I said, 'Billy, did
Sister Kathryn wear a lot of different clothes?'He
said,
'Oh, Brandon, she loved all
kinds of
colors.'And
going to the mall—she loved to go to the mall.
And so, yeah, it's just fun.
Of course she's just human,
but I honor the anointing on
her life, like I do my
friend Billy. But, yeah, the elders,
I try to at least listen a little bit.
You follow as you can. People always
want to say, 'Who
are you accountable to,
Brandon?'People
ask me that all the time. 'Who are
you accountable to? You have
to be accountable to somebody.'I say,
'Well, I'm accountable to my pastors.
I'm accountable to people that I
submit to like Billy Burke and Billy
Brim, and I listen as
much as I can to these elderly
people.'And
I'm a young guy;
I'm just starting into this, but
I'm going to tell you this: I'm hungrier
now than I've ever been. And I have more
passion about the word of God and what
is
coming than I've ever
had. And I refuse to be a statistic
in ministry. I don't want to be
like everybody else. I want to be
different and set apart, and
I want to follow Him with all my heart
in these last days, being led by His
Spirit
and just following the voice of God and
staying
on that
alive
well-branch.
You know, He is the vine, we
are the
branches,
or vice versa, just being part of
Him. So, praise the Lord. All right,
let's go. Let's pray.
Aren't you excited? Do you
ever get excited? Do you think about
things where we are, that we are the
generation that won't taste death?
Don't allow the cares of this world to
choke out the life inside of you.
Get excited about what God is doing in
these last days, and that we get to be a
part of it. It just takes one spark to
start a fire.
Father, we just thank You, Father, for
tonight. We take this body in the name
of Jesus. We're expecting,
Father; we're expecting something
supernatural.
I thank You, Father, that
we are overcomers, and we are
yielded and controlled by the Holy
Ghost. We're so thankful, Father, that
we have been chosen for such a time as
this. And we believe, Father, that the
expiration date to what we've been
believing for is ours now. And we take
this body in the name of Jesus. And we
thank You, Father, in the mighty name of
Jesus, for healing, deliverance, and
everything that You've provided for us
in the mighty name of Jesus. Amen and
amen.
Lord, we plead the blood. We make much
of the blood.
We apply the blood over us.
We apply the blood over us. We apply the
blood over us. And it never loses its
power.
We apply the blood over us. It never
loses its power.
Thank you, Father.
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
I put angels all around about us
tonight. And we yield to the spirit of
God.
We yield to you, Lord.
And we dip in that river.
We dip in the river
and we apply the blood.
Satan, you're under our feet
and we put a bloodline around about us.
And if there's anything you want to show
us tonight, if there's anything you want
to warn us about, we're here. We are led
by your spirit
and we thank you Lord that we humble
ourselves
before you and we give you all
the glory. We give you all the honor and
we give you all the praise and we stay
in that river of life.
And we take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you Lord for
what you did for us. Amen. And amen. No
matter if you've had a bad day, no
matter if you've had a hard day at work
or whatever, he's an ever-present help in
a time of need. He knows what you have
need of before you even ask. And there's
some of you just say, "I just need a
refreshing.
I just need a refreshing
tonight."And
I come to you
in the name of Jesus.
I come to the garden alone. Ain't that
right?
While the dew
is still on the roses
and the voice
I hear
falling on
my ear,
the son
of God
discloses
and
He walks
with me and he talks
with me
and he tells
me I am his own.
And the joy
we share
as we
tarry
there,
none other
has
ever known.
And he walks
with me and he talks
with me
and he tells
me I am his own.
And the joy
we share
as we
tarry
there,
none other
has
ever known.
And then I can hear it when Elvis sings
it. I come to the garden alone.
Elvis, he sings it good.
Father, we love you.
We worship you, Father.
Father, we thank you. Hey, B, will you
turn her sound machine on?
Father, we worship you.
I come to the garden alone
while the dew
is still on the rose
and the voice
I hear
falling on
my ear.
The son
of God
discloses
and
he
walks
with me and he talks
with me
and he tells
me I am his
own.
Yep. I see it.
I'm in the month of June of 2028.
I see on the
news,
I can see all that's going on.
The Lord said, "Dip in the river just a
little bit more."You see,
you can turn my fan on, son, if you need
to. She's having a hard time.
Thank you.
Holy, holy, holy are you.
What is it? Last night
I was singing a song.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Holy,
holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Holy,
holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the lamb.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty reigns.
It's just so real.
The spirit realm is more real than the
natural.
It's more real than, more tangible than
the water in this book. When you can tap
into it and you see over and you see
things to come. When you're seeing into
June of next year, two years from
now. It's been on my heart so strong.
Praying over President Trump, his
legacy. Praying over the ballroom.
Praying over these attacks that are
coming, and praying over his future,
praying over his children and
the crypto and all that's about
to happen with this new Clarity Act and
all this stuff. Save America Act failed.
They don't want it. Mitch McConnell and
these people
praying for what God has called us to do
in these last days. And I realize it's
not about saving America. It's about
having a revival in America to save the
precious fruit. But it's about the vast
world that God is after. Asia,
South America, Africa,
the Middle East. There's so many people
dying and going to hell. But it's
an
American attitude of arrogance when He
said, "Your nose is
turned up before me,
America."And
there's so much an arrogance of pride
that has set in upon the land, and I'm
going to shake the church. There's so
much arrogance
and there's so many good people in so
many nations that email and, "Man,
I'm watching you,"and it's like, it's not
America,
it's the body of Christ.
There's so much pride in America, so much
stench before the Lord, He tells me all
the time,
and yet you have your remnant that is
just so on fire for Him. There's
some people that are really hungry,
but for the majority,
and that's what I just follow that
leading of where He's
at. Where's the heartbeat right now?
Where are you at in all of this?
He's leaving the 99 to go after
the one.
"I'm cleaning,"it's what He said. "I'm
cleaning my church right now.
I'm bringing the bride to my
side."You're
in the midst of it. You see it.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
I can see right now. I just had
a glimpse and I saw again
to pray for the 14th. So, that's what
we're going to do. We're going to pray
over the 14th. We're going to pray over
the "no kings"rallies in New York City,
specifically fires and demonstrations of
letting things get out. Antifa,
the people burning
stuff.
No kings.
And the event for the soccer
game on the 14th is in Dallas.
It's in Dallas Fort Worth. It's at the
Arlington Stadium, Cowboys. And that's
where the game is
on the 14th on Trump's birthday.
I saw it on the schedule.
That's just for New
York, but that's not all of them, baby.
So you can pray. That's for the New York
games. So all the New York games are the
13th, 16th, 22nd, 25th, 27th, 30th of
June, July 5th, July 19th is the World
Cup final in New York City. It will be
on CBS.
So there's a lot of games. The last game
is July 19th while we're praying over
these. There's 78 games.
But this is what the Lord said:
"Terror in the heartland."Praying over
terror in the heartland. Terror strikes
again, the headlines in the newspaper.
We pray over every law enforcement. We
pray, we thank You, Lord, for all our
sheriff's departments, FBI, Homeland
Security,
Secret Service, every
tip,
uncovering for mass transit.
Holy Spirit,
We welcome you.
We push on the other side of this. And
another thing is, when you're
leading, is what I've learned. It's
so much different when you're in your
own private time talking to Him than
when you're leading tens of thousands of
people.
For some reason, the covering,
the mantle changes between intimate and
leading people. Ain't it interesting,
Braden?
Cuz even in the car, it's different
when we are praying as a family and I'm
leading in my house and I'm praying and
I can see versus whenever I step in this
position right here.
It's so different from the spiritual
pull and the attack that I can feel from
the occult watching, and you can
feel it all out here. The
leading of it is totally different.
It's like tiptoeing on rice paper, and
you can feel the difference and
the mantle. I don't know how to explain
it,
getting in that river like this,
it's like leading so many people
and pulling. How many people are here
right now?
6,800 pulling. Almost 7,000 people
pulling.
And the only way to know how to get over
there in that part of it is
to get in worship,
is to push in worship.
But I've already been there. So, we're
going to just keep pushing on. Father,
we thank you,
every single person, every single place
across this nation concerning the "no
kings"rally.
I see what I'm seeing right then. I see
people—and
this is representation,
doesn't mean they have to be wearing a
black
hoodie—but
I see faces that are blacked out.
It's an underground network of people,
almost like gangs,
but these people are sent to
cause
groupthink
like it is in Europe.
Paid demonstrators,
paid protesters
to cause escalation with rioting,
burning of cars, burning of buildings.
It's okay to protest. You can
have peaceful
protests,
but I see bad actors
in these protests
trying
to influence
rioting
groups. There are like 12 of them in a
circle.
I see that
if they can try to stop the prayer, they
stop what's going to happen in the spirit.
I see it—the importance of what God is
doing.
They try to stop the people.
So the enemy will try to bring in dry
times.
I see dry times. I see spells that are
conjured up with dry times
coming against the bride to pray.
It looks like ink in water,
like an octopus
when they spray out the ink.
That's what I see when it comes to
prayer.
It's coming against the prayer time. I
see it's witchcraft
causing dryness
to not overcome the dryness to come out,
so you get discouraged and quit.
God said, "I've called my people to come
up higher. You must come up higher in
your prayers with me.
Soar above the ink. Soar above this in
the spirit realm. There's much more.
Come up to the throne
of God.
Come up higher where the fire...
Come up to the throne
of
God."That's
what the Lord said. But that's
called praying through.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the word of God says.
The Lord
said, "Find
it."Agitators—that's
what they
are.
They're agitating it. The agitators are in
it, agitating in the spirit
to agitate it.
Notice there
are
levels of it.
And I see Tampa today. I see Tampa
highlighted. Pray over the No
Kings Rally in Tampa.
You're free of this.
There will be great distractions coming.
You need to hear this. He said there
are
great distractions coming.
This is very...
I'm looking at Zelensky, but this
is something I'm pushing above,
and I can see it. There are great
distractions coming.
Yes,
He said, "Great political
theater."It's
going to be great political theater.
Help
me to get in there, Lord. I see
Zelensky.
I see the meetings. I'm hearing,
"Help me."I want to hear what they
said in there. I hear the king.
It's the spider weaving a web. I see
a black
widow spider weaving a web over Europe.
This is
interesting.
Every single point of a nation is being
weaved in a web.
You see, when it happens in a web,
you have to have strategic
places on the web that
make
the web
strong.
The spider puts it
in one corner, and another corner, and
another corner, and another corner. It's
what makes the web strong. And I see a
web that's being made right now
in
meetings. A web is being made,
and a black widow is making the web. But
the
black widow
has
the most shiny
paint on this black. You know when a
black surface is mirrored,
the
black
of the butt of the
spider is so mirrored. Black onyx
is on this spider's
butt, where the spider
shoots out the web.
The
spider is black, but it's like a
shiny surface like onyx.
It almost looks mirrored.
It's about money.
Poland,
Romania...
That's just...
It's a big clock, Braden.
It looks like Big
Ben,
but it's so black on it,
and the time is
chimed.
Que
Sera,
Sera—whatever
will be, will be.
Do you hear me?
Yes,
the future is ours.
I see the clock.
There's a great distraction coming on
the clock. And they sing in
Europe, "Que Sera, Sera—whatever will be, will
be."Do
you hear me?
I hear
women's voices, and they're singing
this over Europe, and that's the
attitude.
But the time on Big
Ben,
there's a distraction within.
I see a blackness on this clock.
A blackness
has set in on the clock. And
on the time, it looks like a
full moon, and the face of the clock is shining like a
full moon,
and I hear, "Que
Sera, Sera—whatever
will be, will be."I
see
the sea
in
Ukraine, on the
map.
And there's a blackness and there's a
darkness on this with Turkey.
And I see an earthquake coming.
Tell her to stop.
Even the water is dark
and
moving, and it looks like
onyx.
But the face of the clock is shining
throughout the land.
I
see a big
face that
looks like a moon on these dark
structures
and a shaking. A shaking in the
ground, a shaking in the earth, a
shaking in the crust, a
shaking in the Catholic Church.
The attitude is "Que
Sera, Sera—whatever
will be, will
be."And
it's going to shake it.
I see a plan by the
king. I see a plan by Zelensky. I
see a plan by these leaders of
these nations. Oh, it's a dark plan.
It looks like the
Baltic.
It's the same as World War II.
And I see Canada is involved in this, but
the darkness is only over
Toronto. I see darkness on Toronto
as I'm looking over Buckingham, as I'm
looking over England, as I'm
looking over France, as I'm looking over
Germany. It's with the leaders.
They're planning something.
"Come up
higher."And
with your food... I see with the
food. There's something with the food,
with the beef.
It's that virus.
It's the virus.
I see the virus,
Braden.
That's what it is. That's the black
death. Do you see? Do you hear me? It's
the black on the buildings.
I said, "Lord,
what is it?""Come up
higher,"He
said.
It's the virus,
a plague.
War and plagues and famine go hand in
hand—war
and plagues
and financial famine.
A restructure is
coming. A storm in New
York, a
financial
storm. I see a financial storm
on the buildings. The same
black that is on Europe is on America's
financial buildings, on New York's
Times
Square.
I see JP Morgan.
I see BlackRock. I see
Bank of
America. I see Wells Fargo. I see
them.
Do you know what a mime looks like,
Braden? It's the black, the white face
on a mime, the black and white,
the black hat, white
face, black stuff on the cheeks. It's a
mime. They're mimes.
It's the black on the buildings. There's a mime. It's
a
distraction.
There's a distraction coming.
It's in France. It's the
mimes, the black and
white. Black and white.
There is
a
mime. He doesn't say anything, but he
is
moving his hands.
And the mimes are moving across the
land—a
distraction
with your food, with your water, with
war, with the plague. And
it is
going to go down in
Mexico.
It will try to spread into Mexico. It
will
spread
in Europe and in Asia.
It's the ladies, you know, the
ladies with the black hair
who
paint their faces to look like porcelain
dolls.
I see Asian women dressed up like
porcelain dolls.
They have black hair
with long dresses with flowers,
and they have their faces
painted.
I see them
in Asia.
It's not mimes in Asia. It's women
dressed up with black hair, and they have a kimono on—it's
like a dress,
and they
are
all over Asia.
This is what's a distraction in
Asia; I see this in the vision.
The
Lord said, 'Come up higher. Come up
higher,
Brandon.'Help
me, Lord. Help me, Holy Spirit. I
want to go up higher. I see it. What's
this on the land?
It's not 'whatever will be, will
be.'That's
what they want to tell you.
'Come up higher. Come up
higher.'He
says, 'Come up
higher. There's much to see.'I see
Zelensky,
Lord.
He's dressed in black. I see him, Lord,
around the moon.
It's about the Pergamon Altar and Balak. It's
about the Pergamon
Altar, and
I see this devil.
They're not resisting it; they're
summoning it. They're
calling it forth.
War, war, war.
I see it again. I see the
Hitler, Nazi flag, the swastika, as a
Batman symbol over Europe.
I see the Hitler flag, that
swastika,
as a bat signal over Europe.
You hear me?
There is a
very dark plan
that has been
discussed these last couple of days. There
is
a darkness you
must know. You
must go higher
to expose the plans behind.
Come up higher. There's
much to see. There
are
too many distractions yet.
As you see China and North
Korea today,
it's about North Korea. Do you hear me?
It's about North Korea.
It's about China.
It's the painted faces; it's
distractions.
And
Russia, Russia, Russia.
They
are
at
the door.
They come.
It's a darkness trying to set on the
land,
but the light of the
church—if
you all really truly knew how close
we are to tribulation.
This is what I'm seeing, and I'm
trying to tell you. We are so close to tribulation. I see
the black on the buildings.
We are so close to tribulation.
That means we're so close to Jesus's
return.
I see the King of England.
I see him doing something.
It's him. It's the lizard
people,
these dark, dark people.
I told you he would turn into a scorpion
in the days ahead. The Lord said, 'I told
you, Braden, he
would turn into a scorpion in the days
ahead.'Okay,
so on this, what I see right
now, I see—you know whenever you see
a puddle of water on the street
and
big raindrops start hitting the
puddle and it starts causing
splashes?
This is what I see upon the black
onyx. The street is
completely like black onyx, but there
are
splashes of water. The
splashes are actually a white color.
The rain is a white splash
making the black onyx move.
It's fear. It's fear
for
London.
It's that attitude of 'whatever will be,
will be.'He
is
going to shake it.
It's when good people sit by and allow
evil to take over and do nothing.
I see His shaking across the land. I see
His shaking on the soil. I see His shaking
in the
churches.
It will seem like it's
darkness,
but
it will be the light. I
see light. Arise and shine, for the light
has come and the glory of the Lord is
risen on you and me.
Great
distractions in America.
They'll try to distract you from shore
to shore. They'll try to distract you
with fear.
They'll try to manipulate you with fear.
Come up higher. Come up higher.
Come near
in the cleft of the rock, in the
cleft
of my rock.
Come up higher.
That's where I desire for you to come—higher in
the cleft
of the rock.
The distractions...
I see it again.
I see an
American flag burning
toward the east.
I see an American flag
burning toward the east.
He
is
preparing alliances. Do
you hear me?
Zelensky
is
making
alliances.
'I don't need America; I need
alliances.'Do
you hear me?
Come up higher. Come up higher. I'm
fighting with all I have, Lord, to get
up there.
I see a
dark
plan, a web, a spider's web, being set in
motion.
Pray for
this.
I see Kate, and her
body—Kate,
pink. That's all I will say. Pink for
Kate.
This is serious.
Pink for Kate.
It's around her stomach.
Kate has a pink bow around her waist,
around her uterus.
Oh man,
I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes.
I bind witchcraft in the name of Jesus.
When I'm praying for the royals,
I see George,
the little boy.
I see him as a
young man.
He looks about 17 or 18 years old.
His eyes are like onyx.
He has a cloak on that is as
black as onyx. It's actually
wrapping
him.
Oh Lord, save that family.
This looks a lot like
Harry Potter, you know,
that same spirit,
like Hogwarts. Braden,
there's something like that.
I'm looking at that little boy.
I see the devil himself after him.
I see Satan,
and I see him in England.
We plead the blood of Jesus over
that little boy.
Satan, you will not have him.
I call him to Jesus.
No matter what I see around this boy, I
thank You that he will not be this,
that he'll know Jesus,
that he'll have a saving knowledge of
the Lord Jesus. Same with Kate, William,
all of them, the little girl. I pray
over that family that they will have a
radical visitation from You, Lord.
I don't care what the devil's plan is
for
that
king—the
scorpion.
They're trying to summon
Moloch,
this demonic spirit, with a Hitler...
It's war. It's demonic.
And I see flashes
of light
racing across the
skies at night,
like you've seen over Israel.
I see it over Europe,
and Turkey will come to their
aid—to
Russia.
I see Turkey coming to the aid of Russia,
and they're closing off that. Remember
when I told you he comes like a
vampire?
The
Dardanelles
Strait.
Turkey will
come to their aid,
Russia.
They'll control the waterways, but
they're going to help Russia. I see
Turkey going with Russia,
but they'll leave NATO. They'll
have to.
I'm
looking at it very closely, and I can see
Turkey blocking off the straits, the
waterways, so that you can't get into
this ocean to fight.
They're going to beat their war drums.
They'll try to rise up the darkness.
Distractions will come.
I see the alien files.
I see distractions will come,
distracting
the masses.
Distracting the masses
is their whole
plan—food,
plague, war, financial stuff.
Alliances are being made.
I want to push into this a
little bit more, y'all, to get to here.
In the natural, I don't
get here very often when I'm
seeing like this, but I pause, and
He keeps pausing visions in front of me,
and I see it, and I'm able to look into
it. Usually, it's about
America, but this is about Europe, so
I'm really interested in it.
If He'll allow me to keep
seeing, He says, 'Come up higher.
There's much more to see. You've been
behind.'He
corrected me
concerning this thing. Lord, I come up
higher.
What is the basis? He
says of the song, 'Que Sera, Sera, whatever
will be, will
be.'I
hear them singing again when I
got quiet.
What is it? Is it a rebellion,
like an 'I don't
care'attitude,
like 'whatever will be, will be'? But it's
over Europe. And I see uprisings as
they're taking their freedoms away. And
I see ladies with those
milkmaid
outfits on in Sweden, you know,
like with the
skirts that go to their knees with
the—they
look like Swedish, like the overalls
for women,
like Swiss Miss,
like the hot chocolate stuff.
The window of opportunity is coming
to a close.
The windows of opportunity are coming to
a close. You must work while it is day,
for night is coming.
The window of opportunity is coming to a
close. Work while it is day, for night
is coming.
The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few.
Y'all don't realize how close
tribulation is.
Jesus Christ is coming, and there's so
many asleep, and He's going to shake the
land. I see His shaking. I see the
church bells ringing.
I see the church bells glowing again
right now. I see the church bells
ringing, and the church bells will start
to ring, and the pews are darkened with
darkness inside of the pews, and the
light is coming inside of the church.
There's cobwebs and tumbleweeds outside
of the buildings.
It looks like sage grass is growing up
on the side of these buildings.
And I see the church, and the church
bells are beginning to ring.
And you're about to hear the church
choirs sing,
'For the coming of the Lord is at
hand.''And
I'm going to shake this land one
more time. A great harvest of
souls.'And
I hear the church bells ringing
across the land and Europe.
And where there is darkness, the church
bells were so darkened, the steeple was
so darkened, but I see a glory of the
Lord shining on the church bells.
And they're ringing, and they're
ringing. And I hear the church bells
ringing across the land. And the church
is becoming alive.
A shaking to an awaking is coming across
the land.
He's going to shake the church. He's going
to shake the complacency.
It's not whatever will be, will be.
There's a shaking coming to the church.
It's all across the land. It's all
across Europe. It's all across
Africa. I hear the church
bells ringing,
but they're glowing with a glow of the
glory.
And there's beautiful writing on the
side of that.
I see it's in calligraphy. It's a
beautiful writing on the church bell.
And it looks like, you know, whenever
you do a ribbon,
it goes like this, like one of those
ribbons, and it goes out and it's
like a swirl like this.
And there's writing on it.
Lord, why did You black out that lighting? I
can't see it.
They're going bong, bong, bong, bong, bong.
They're waking. The church bells are
ringing.
The church bells are ringing. The
church bells are ringing across the
land. The church bells are ringing, old
big brass bells, huge brass bells in the
church tower. And I hear a bong,
bong, bong, bong.
They're singing,
'Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.'I
can hear them singing that in the
churches.
'Hallelujah. Hallelujah.'And they're
singing
that
in the choir, but I can hear
those
bells ringing up there,
and they're ringing across
Europe. There's a shaking. There's a
shaking coming.
Do you know what I'm talking about? That
song, son.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
It's not everywhere. The Lord said, 'It is
not everywhere.
This is in a select few.'It's the
remnant.
'The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few.'I told you.
'The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few.'He says, 'It's not everywhere.
I'm giving you a window.
Look at the scripture. Work while it is
day, for the night is
coming.'Oh,
Father,
here am I, Lord, send me.
Here am I, Lord, send me.
John 9:4: 'I must work the works of Him
that sent me while it is day; the night
comes when no man can
work.'He's
given us a window. He says,
'What will you do with the window I've
given you?
I must work the works of Him that sent
me while it is day.
The night comes when no man can
work.'That's
what He's saying. Do you hear me?
This is what I see upon the land.
Braden,
I see the church bells ringing in select
churches, and the
call for salvation is at hand.
The call of repentance is at hand. Will
you hear the bells ringing across the
land?
For we must work the work of Him that
sent me. While it is day, the night
comes when no man can work.
We're running out of time, church.
I'm looking at something so dark.
But the church has a window and a
remnant for the greatest harvest of
souls, for it is vast.
And it is the goodness of God that
brings man to repentance. And you're
going to see the church bells, and
you're going to hear the church
bells, and you're going to see the
glorious church rise.
And it looked like a little church.
I'm telling you, it's
beautiful churches. It looked like an old
country church, a Brush
Arbor
Church.
It's symbolic.
He said, 'I've given you a window. What
will you do with it? You're running out
of
time.'John
9:4 should be
written on everything you have.
I'm not into tattoos, but
have it written on your hand like
you
read it all the time:
'I must work the works of Him that sent
me while it is day. The night comes when
no one can
work.'Use
us, Lord, to bring in this harvest.
If people really knew how close we were.
I could see that clock.
Big Ben looked like a
moon.
What is that? Why?
It's the clock.
We're at the midnight hour.
We're at the midnight hour, Braden.
We're at the midnight hour. I feel His
presence so strong. You must know
we're at the midnight hour.
A distraction is coming.
As they implement their plans
across the
land,
distractions are coming.
I refuse to fear. That's what you have
to say. I refuse to fear.
I refuse to fear. Why? Because the glory
of the Lord is near. It's on us. We're
about to see the glory.
I told you it would be just like a quarter.
It's that thin. It's your choice what
you look at every day. I choose to look
at the good. Whatsoever things are good,
whatsoever pure, whatsoever things are of a
good report, I'll think on these things.
But you can choose to look at the dark
just as much as you can choose to look
at the light. A quarter is that thin.
There's two sides to a quarter.
The glorious church is going to rise, and
the darkness is going to be labor pains.
It never said it was going to stop so
you could have your party in your
revival. Do you understand? It's going
to coexist.
The light's going to get lighter, and the
dark's going to get darker.
What's your choice? What are
you going to look at? The darkness on
the land or the church? What are we doing
with this window of opportunity? Well,
Brandon, you say there's going to be a
great revival. Yes. Both can happen at
the exact same time. Birthing pains
don't stop, ladies and gentlemen.
You're going to see the glory, and you're
going to see the darkest of the dark:
war, famine, pestilence, plagues, things
that are of a biblical proportion,
labor pains. As Matthew 24, you're going
to see it, the beginning of sorrows.
It's happening right now. But the
church, the blood-bought church, the
bells are ringing, for it's the goodness
of God that brings men to repentance.
And He's given us a window.
What will you do with this window? I
must work the works of Him that sent me
while it is day; the night comes when no
man can work. That's where we are right
now.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, why are you
yelling?'Because
you need to understand
a shaking. I'm seeing it right now. I
see it. A shaking's coming. A
distraction's coming.
They're going to try to distract you
over here with fear. Fear, fear, fear.
Look, fear, fear, fear. The sky is
falling. You're going to see volcanoes
and earthquakes and pestilence and wars
and all these things. But what do we do
as the church? We are in the cleft of
the rock, and we're telling the people,
'Come to church. Come with us. We
can pray for you. You're
seeing signs and wonders, glorious
outpouring.'We're
done. Do
you understand? Jesus is coming.
And there's so many people that are
going, 'I don't know what we're waiting
on. What are we looking at? What are we
doing?'And
I'm like,
man, this is it. We're seeing it. It's
the beginning.
We're about to see the first domino.
Something major is about to happen. He
said, 'I'm going to shake my church. I'm
bringing—this
is
2026.'He
said, 'I'm going to do 1
Corinthians 5:5. I'm bringing the bride
to my side.'There's a lot of people whose
noses
are turned
up toward me, Brandon, and, 'I'm going to
wake up my church, and my remnant that
are already awake will be hitting a
cliff. I will protect
you.'I
go, 'Glory to God, ladies and
gentlemen.'But
if you are asleep and you're not
awake,
you better wake up. It's not que sera, sera, whatever
will be, will be.
Isn't that interesting how I could hear
them singing that?
Yeah.
It sounded like rebellion, you know,
like, 'We don't
care.'Yeah.
It's like they're saying they
don't care.
'We don't care. Whatever will be, will be.
We don't care. You take away our rights
and freedom. You make digital currency.
You make it where we have
no freedom of religion.'Well,
que sera, sera.
And the Lord said, 'I'm
going to shake that mentality. I'm
shaking it. You're running out of time.
I'm shaking the Catholic Church,
the Protestants, all of you.
You're going to see a great revival,
y'all. But it's going to come with just
a handful of us that are
awake.'It's
heavy what I see
tonight.
He said, 'Come up
tonight, Brandon.'I could hear Him. He
said, 'There's much to see.
There's something going on right now of
Zelensky.'We
pray for Kate to be healed
completely
and to be in remission.
We pray for Kate.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
No.
What?
Oh, it's three hours.
I got lost in that.
Praise the Lord.
The church bells are ringing. Are you
listening to the sound of the heartbeat
of the Father tonight? The church bells
are ringing, ladies and gentlemen.
Across the land of Europe,
there's an evil, dark plan.
But the church has an opportunity.
What will you do with the time He's
given you?
It's not whatever will be, will be. It's
time we get a backbone like a crowbar
and take this land for Jesus and tell
the people, just like it was in the days
of Noah. He warned them and warned them
that something was coming. And they were
all like, 'Oh, we've never seen that
before. Whatever, Noah, you're
crazy. You crazy old
man.'But
when that first drop of rain hit
their head and the hand of the
Lord shut that
ark—bam!—they
were going, 'What was that? I heard
something slam.'Yeah, it's the ark
door.
Then they knew they were in trouble.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be.
That's where we are right now. There's
many of you saying, 'que sera, sera, whatever will be,
will be. Brandon, I ain't worried about
it. Status quo. We'll just keep
going on. No matter how dark it gets, it
doesn't
matter to
me.'But
there is a remnant of you.
There is a remnant of you that have
their eyes open and you know the sign.
The fig tree is ripe. The harvest is
plentiful. The Lord showed
us—I
mean, like four or five videos ago,
the Lord showed us that fig tree, and
those figs were huge, and they were ripe
and ready to eat.
It's time.
And I pray tonight that you're stirred
inside, knowing where we are.
If you're here tonight, I'll give
an altar call. I feel there
could be some of you, even if there's
just one or two.
If you don't know my friend Jesus
tonight, your
night—there's
a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun.
And I want to say a simple prayer with
you. And if you want to
get real with God, you say, 'Brandon,
pray for me. I need help. I don't want
to keep living this way. I don't want to
go down the pit of destruction. I don't
want to go the wrong way. I want to
come to Jesus tonight. I want to
give my heart to Jesus. I hear the
church bells. I know there's
something
happening.'I'm
telling you, there's a great
distraction coming, a
great darkness that's going to try to
deceive many.
But tonight's your night you can come to
Jesus Christ and you can come into that
cleft
of the rock. He'll hide you in
the
shadow of His wings, and
He'll protect you. And I believe you'll
be the loudest voice, just like
Billy Graham was, to lead many to Jesus.
You're not here by accident; you're here
by design. God brought you here tonight,
and I believe that now is the day. Today
is the day of salvation. Tonight is the
night. Say this prayer with me
just real quickly. Just say this prayer.
And I believe as you say this with all
your heart, I believe you're saved. Say,
'Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God. I
believe you died for me, and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I need a savior.
I repent of my sins.
I ask you to make me new
tonight, Lord, as I repent. Write my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on sin,
and I dedicate my life to you from now
on forevermore. Lord, I'll serve
you.'I'm
seeing something right now again.
'I
turn
my back on the world
and the devil and the things that I was
doing, and I'll serve you with all my
heart.
Thank you, Lord, that if I die today,
I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, because I believe you
are the Son of God and I believe I am
today born again.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Amen and amen.'Glory to God. I believe
if you said that prayer, you are born
again and, behold, all things are new.
Thank you for coming tonight. I'm so
excited. If you could tell us in the
comment section right now, 'I just got
born again tonight. I gave my heart to
Jesus Christ.'What do you do? I want you
to tell us in the description. Find a
Bible-believing
church, for one, and get
plugged in there. Get water-baptized.
Get plugged in
and read your Bible every
day. If you don't have a Bible, email us
in the description down below and
put in the headline your name, your
address, and say, 'I got born again
watching you.'And I like my free Bible.
I give you a free Bible just for coming
here tonight and saying the sinner's
prayer. My nose is itching. Excuse me.
I'm looking at
Epcot right now,
and I see
America at Epcot.
And if anybody knows, they've been to
Epcot at Disney World, you know what I'm
talking about.
I see America. I see something with
this.
It's the 250 years, Braden.
It's the
beginning of 1776. Do you get that?
1776.
Something around, it's
poor.
I've given you time and time again to
come to me.
The 250th anniversary.
Yep. I see the Mount of Olives shaking.
The Mount of Olives is
going to have a major earthquake.
It's symbolic of America. A shaking in
America, a shaking in the heart of America
is Israel.
Jerusalem,
oh Jerusalem.
I thank you Lord.
We grieve not the Spirit of the Lord.
We grieve you not, Lord, tonight.
We grieve you not, Holy Spirit.
We grieve you not, Lord.
You know, I just can't let it go.
I see such a shaking.
I see something major
is about to take place.
It's like a first domino,
a major domino.
It's to do with America.
Something is about to happen.
Thank you, Lord.
It's interesting, isn't it?
I'll let you all go.
God bless you all. Thank you for being
here tonight.
The weight of His glory.
The weight of His glory on Branson.
Something major is about to happen in
Branson.
I'm looking at the revival right now.
Something major is coming to Branson.
Something major is coming to Minnesota.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord.
We love you all. God bless you. Thank
you for being here tonight. We pray you
got blessed, and I
don't know what to say to it, I really
don't, other than just to end it.
You just, like Brother Hagin always says,
sometimes you just got unhook. But
it took a while to get there tonight.
And once I got there, I'm looking
over at all this, and
it's pretty amazing
where we are. I get excited about it,
but at the same time, I know what kind
of responsibility we have
and what a vast responsibility
He's given us to be the closers.
God bless you all. Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you. God
bless you. Have a wonderful night.
Bye-bye.